# CR COVID Guide

1. Background: On September 2020 Costa Rica reopened its borders to visitors in response to the complicated financial scenario brought by the pandemic. The government has placed several restrictions in order to cope with the health crisis, some of these restrictions affect the tourism sector and more specifically, the tourists themselves. Visitors are left to inform themselves about policies, mostly in Spanish, that change constantly as the government adjusts to cope with the evolving pandemic.

2.  Project: Provide a solution for tourists wanting to visit Costa Rica safely during the pandemic. Compile all the information about the requirements for any traveler that wishes to enter Costa Rica as a tourist. Present useful information about the ways the current situation may affect a traveler’s trip as well as several tools that aid the user to make the best of his or her vacation in Costa Rica.

3.  Academic value: The project was developed as a package using Flask, it includes a registration process in order to use a database and different types of forms for complexity and security features like password encryption and password reset via automated email using a link with an embedded token. Its configuration settings have been created into a class to allows using inheritance when setting up different configurations if needed. The application provides a stats comparison tool between countries that makes an API call (using Postman), a license plate lookup tool to inform visitors about Costa Rica’s vehicular restriction (heavily relying on Jinja2 templating engine) and a collection of the latest news articles in English about Costa Rica and COVID-19 (web scrapping using Beautiful Soup).

4.  Post-CS50: The project was developed with the intention of turning into a larger application and hopefully go live during the early stages of the gradual reopening of borders in Costa Rica.
